Q. what is undeclare variable ?

ans: - undeclare variable are not exist and are not declare in the program. Running the program run time error will be occour. 

Q. what is undefined variable ? 
ans: - undefined variable are the ones which exist in the program but are not defined or not assigned any value for that variable. 

Q. What is this keyboard in js? 
ans: - this keyword hold the current object data. 

Q. what is SetTimeOut function ? 
ans: - SetTimeOut function is used to call the function given as a parameter after some time delay. 

Q. what is SetInterval function ? 

ans:- SetInterval function is used to call the function repeatedly after some time delay. 

Q. what is ClearInterval function ? 
ans: - ClearInterval function is used to clear the time set from function SetInterval(). 
Q. What is === operator ?
ans: - this check same data type & same value. 

Q. what is == operator ? 
ans: - this check only same value. not data type. 

Q. document.getElementById('id')

Q. how to convert string to integer ? 

ans: - using parseInt() keyboard. 

Q. there are three loop in java scripts 
 while
 for
 do-while

Q. detect operating system version 
ans: - Navigator.appVersion()

Q. Prompt,Confirm & Alert are the popup box in java scripts. 

Q. Primary & composite are the two data type of java scripts. 

Q. Boolean , number & string are the Primary data types in java Scripts 

Q. objects and array are the composite data types in java scripts. 

Q. why to use InnerHtml in js? 
ans: - to show or display on html page of html code. 
document.getElementById('mukesh').innerHTML

Q. how can we create object in js? 
var testobj = new object()

Q. push : - insert element at last position
   unshift : - insert element at begining 
   pop : remove element from last 
   shift: remove element from first

Q. document.getElementById('mukesh').checked

Q. explain null in java scripts ? 
ans: - Null is used to represent no object or no values . It mainly implies to null string. 

Q. difference b/w confirm & alert 
ans: - confirm : - two button one is 'ok' and other is 'cancel'. 
       alert : - It contains only one buttons. 

Q. what is comma operator ? 
ans: - The comma operator is used to evaluates each of its operands from left to right. 

Q. r = 1 + 2 +'3'
ans: - document.write(r)
ans: - 33 bcz 1+2 is 3 then 3 is concatanate with 3. 

Q. what is let keyword? 
ans: - let is local variable allow only . value change in let variable.

Q. var keyword? 
ans: - var keyword define locally or globally in the code of java scripts

Q. what is const variable? 
ans:- constant variable should not change the value. it neither updated or re-declare of value. 

Q. what is spread operator ? 
ans: - Spread operator allows an iterable to expand in places where  0 + arguments are expected. It mostly used in the variable array there is more than 1 values are expected. 

var variablename = [...values];

Q. what is different types of data types in js? 
ans: - undefined , null, boolean, string, symbol , number , object. 

Q. what is typeOf in js? 
ans:- typeOf check basically data type that ie string or not , boolean or not. 

Q. what is value is 13+6+'2' ?
ans: - 192 bcz 13+6 = 19 & these 19 concatinate with 2 so, ans is 192.

Q. what is null in js? 
ans:- The null value is used to represent no value or no object.
It implies no object or null string, no valid Boolean value, no number and no array object. 

Q. what is templates litrals ES6? 
ans:- Templates literals are strings with embeded code and variables inside them. 
Templates literals allow us concatenation and interpolation in much more clear and easy way

Q. What is NaN in java scripts?
ans:- NaN represents a string value but not any number. 
ie var NaN = 34 -> False
   var NaN = 'mukesh' -> True. 

Q. console.log(false==0) - False
   console.log(false===0) - True,bcz false is boolean data type and it contains 0 or 1. that's why it is true. 

Q.console.log(1<2<3) - False
  console.log(3>2>1) - False

Q. what is difference b/w display & visibility ? 
display:- It means tag in question will not appear on the page at all . There will no space allocated b/w tags.
visibility:- It means unlike display none. the tag is not visible but it can allocate space b/w tags. 

Q. write name of few new feature of HTML5. 
ans:- header, nav, footer, section,aside & article. 

Q. what is arrow function in java Scripts?
ans:- arrow function create a new function in a cleaner way compared to regular. 

Q. what is meta data in html5 ? 
ans:- Meta data is a set of additional HTML tag for specifying the additional information about the web page. 
	some of the meta data tags are:- 
Name , Author, Keywords

Q. escape() funtion: - It is responsible for coding a string so as to make the transfer of the information from one computer to others. 

Q. unescape()funtion:- It is very important as it decode the coded string. 

Q. who developed java scripts??
ans:- Brendan Eich

Q. what is callByValue() function in java scripts? 
ans:- 

Q. what is undeclare & undefined ? 
ans: -  undeclare:- Not initialize and not declare variable. runtime error occour
	undefined: - declare  but not assign any value in the variables , undefined value occour

Q. what is null in java scripts ? 
ans:- implies no value or no object. 

Q. what is event bubbling in java script? 
ans:- Event first captured , handled by target element & propagate to parent element until it reaches the document object.

Q. what is NaN in java scripts? 
ans:- Not-a-Number only it accept for string value. 
isNan()- Function helps to identify if a value is a number or not. 

Q. how many types of errors in java scripts? 
ans:- syntax error :- occour at interpret time.
	Run time error :- Occur during execution time
	Logical errors :- No errors are thrown but you don't get intended result also. 

Q. whats differences b/w null & undefined? 
ans:-  null:- variable defined but not assigned a value
	undefined:- variable declared but not defined.

Q. what is call back function in java scripts? 
ans:- A callback is a javaScripts function that is passed to another function as an argument or a parameter.
This function is to be executed whenever the function that it is passed to gets executed. 

Q. what is closure in java scripts? 
ans:- whenever a variable that is defined outside the current scope is accessed within the current scope.  

Q. what is arrow function ?
ans:- arrow function are a shorting way of writing function in java scripts.

Q.what is difference b/w call & apply ? 
ans:- call():- call method arguments are provided indivisually along with a 'this' value.
	apply():- apply method , agguments are provided in the form of an array alogn with a 'this' value. 

Q. How do you remove duplicates from a javascripts array? 
ans: - using filter method. 

Q. what is DOM ? 
ans:- DOM:- Document object module. 